# Weight-loss
Here is the best product to weight loss  : (https://www.digistore24.com/redir/348520/Sami-u-hassan/)  If you’re trying to decide between an elliptical trainer and another piece of exercise equipment, consider the workout advantages an elliptical provides. What’s so special about an elliptical workout? Here are 3 unique advantages of using your elliptical trainer to workout:  #1) Forward &amp; Back Motions Provide Better Workout Results  Almost all elliptical trainers offer both forward and back motion (also called dual action motion). This allows you to work different sets of muscle groups in your legs (hamstrings vs quads) which adds up to more calories burned, more muscles toned and an overall better body workout.  You can’t walk backwards on a treadmill (ok, you can but that might be difficult. And peddling backwards on a bike might not be so helpful. The dual action ability of your elliptical trainer helps you work more muscles. Plus you have the potential to burn more calories  #2) You Get A Lower Impact Workout  A properly designed elliptical trainer mimics your body’s natural stride – the way your foot moves elliptically when walking, running, or jogging. You stand upright striding in a forward or reverse motion. Your feet never leave the pedals.  Because of this, impact is basically eliminated and there is much less overall stress on your knees, hips and back, joints and back. (Just make sure you get a properly designed elliptical trainer – not one of the cheaper department store versions!)  Because of the lower impact of an elliptical workout, the elliptical machine is becoming very popular with the older population or those who are more easily prone to sports injury. Here is the best product to weight loss  : (https://www.digistore24.com/redir/348520/Sami-u-hassan/)  #3) Upper Body Arm Bars Help You Burn More Calories &amp; Get A Superior Overall Body Workout  Many elliptical trainers offer moveable upper body arm bars. By working both legs and arms, your heart rate elevates more quickly which encourages your body to burn calories faster and more efficiently.  It also results in a lower perceived rate of exertion (basically you don’t feel like you worked as hard as you really did). This may mean that you end up burning more calories, even without feeling like you did much of a workout.  By offering upper body arms, an elliptical trainer workout also helps you tone your arms, shoulders and back for better definition.  An elliptical trainer workout has many advantages over other exercise machines. It gives you an overall body workout that burns extra calories and gives you an extra efficient workout. Just make sure you choose one that meets your needs and is properly designed for maximum comfort.                                                    Copied with permission from: http://plrplr.com/60731/elliptical-workout-3-advantages-of-working-out-with-an-elliptical/
